a lot of girls like don't eat for two
days if they want to have anal size for
anal it's not worth it
I won't do it I won't do it and I like
anal after you've starved yourself let's
do it oh that's a good point yeah you
you do you a lot of girls I remember one
of my friends was like I'm having anal
tonight for the first time I have it
I've been drinking clear soup for two
days I'm like that just time your anal
around Ramadan Micah Fox is here a
friend of the show
hilarious bitch my kind of doppelganger
I'm you know Tooting my own horn by
saying that we're just talking about
farts off air guys we're gonna get back
into it but Mike has a weekly show it
live from outer space in Bushwick at the
Cobra Club if you're in New York City
where is that what time when is it it's
at 9:00 p.m. it's off that Jefferson L
stop Ian's gonna be on the next one what
day of the week Friday night Friday
nights okay best weekly in town oh
really
that's really cool this Friday your
honor this Friday yeah he'll stop in and
say hey but I just don't go to Brooklyn
ever ever ever now come to Brooklyn but
I'm gonna be doing spots in the city on
Friday night you know like I'm trying to
like really stack them up get ready for
my special taping which is May 22nd
everyone May 22nd make sure that you're
in Los Angeles make toys I can build a
trip around it I don't know what today
in the week it is I think it's either
Tuesday or Wednesday
but May 22nd is the date that I'm taping
my Netflix special in Los Angeles all
details coming up soon as I can get them
it is a Wednesday and we're gonna have
some fun and there will be two shows to
go do that night tickets will be
available they'll be free make sure you
make it out but um so Micah and Ian are
here yeah how are you guys good yeah we
were just talking about farts off air
and discussing whether or not the sound
of a fart is inspired by the butt cheeks
or inspired like
your asshole is like is caused by butt
cheeks or flapping or finger or this
thing the kind that's like is is when
the but what's your favorite kind of
fart alone wouldn't you're by yourself
straight up my own one that asks a
question one that asks a question that
can't be answered why are we here that
kind of question yeah I like those two
like a Socrates you're just like
someone's got a little too today like
that yeah I mean there's some somewhere
you're just like I'm so glad no one else
was around to like I'm glad I didn't let
that one out like an SBD you know where
you're like oh it won't smell that bad
and then you're like oh yeah yeah do you
ever think in your head you're like I
know this isn't gonna smell and yes you
have to start pointing to the kid on the
train
oh you let him loose on the train yeah I
have to because if I don't you've done
the kinks
oh well guess what screw you hung it up
literally train the train stinks I mean
I'm fairness if anyone farts on the
train they're probably gonna think it's
in like a flame for a lot of fart with a
face yeah yeah that's so true I'd be
like that guy just think I get stomach
issues if he doesn't let them out so I'm
gonna let him do it
so people love me by the way you're not
some this isn't some unique quality that
you possess because you get stomach
cramps if you don't fart we all do but
we hold them in I mean I was I was being
brutalized on the train by my own
digestive system or on the plane
yesterday but I knew letting it out
would make everyone suffer so I suffered
I did eventually and yeah and I let up
but like you know because a lot of being
on a plane is not being able to get up
and go to the bathroom either the people
next to you are sleeping and you're
waiting on that or there's turbulence
and they put the sign on and then you're
the asshole who gets up and makes a big
commotion or you're landing or you're
there's a lot of rules when you fly so
you can't time it
perfectly but I've let him slide I fall
asleep and sometimes they slip out now
that happens and that's when it's like I
feel so bad yeah and what do you do you
I I don't I just pretend to be asleep
oh you've your fault it'll it'll wake me
up dog yeah yeah totally I get woken up
because of the embarrassment more than
anything because you just realize where
you are and who you've just done this
thing in front of I don't have enough
shame for that I don't you know yeah
that's when they have a new kid they
hand out candy was like a little letter
to like oh yeah Wayne's gonna be yelling
I'm gonna do that but for my stomach
aches oh my god you just have what what
could you give someone to put over their
face yes oh my god that someone just
quietly hand it to everyone you're like
behind you in front of me I had a lot of
coffee today I was like putting down
some broccoli when my mom like made me
on this project because I eat veggies
all the time and I my dad was watching
me before a flight and he was like this
is a crime this is it looks like I was
like trying like I was gonna about to do
a prank on a point like that was how
much broccoli how bioterrorism it really
was so it was so much yeah we're gonna
have to arrest your ass yeah I did a
hiking with Kevin you can go check that
out it's on Kevin Nealon YouTube channel
but at one point he was like have you
farted on this hike and I'm like no and
he's like do you want and I'm like I
don't even think I'm sure I could but I
think my body shuts down and it's like
well no farts are coming out right now
when it's when you know the complicate
no I couldn't fart even though I
probably have so many parts of me I've
had coffee I ate a lot last night I chew
a lot of gum this morning to like
everyone Oh gun makes me fart like crazy
it makes everyone for it because you
like breathe in air and it's that fake
she's not breathing yeah it makes
you swallow air is what I meant to say
thank you for catching that no it makes
you swallow air and it has the aspartame
in it which makes me like the sugar free
stuff that gives you disgusting farts
farts made in a lab they're bad those
farts kill rats yeah do you ever eat
sugar free stuff like I used to I you
know I grew up in the 80s so that's all
we I mean though it's disgusting
those hearts are really disgusting we
got to move on from fart talk it's kind
of grossing me out
and it takes a lot to gross me out Karen
Fenian just walked in the door we are
not sorry that you're late because you
sent us a picture of your ass in
consolation yes so karen was running
late today and she texted Micah she was
like I'm running late the train whatever
and Ian and and said show this to
everyone like as a consolation prize and
it was a picture of her taking a selfie
in the mirror with her fine ass
you're fine naked ass get Mike over here
girl okay you are some bitch yep how was
everyone's weekend guys good didn't have
good times any good stories come out of
it anything of note I was in Phoenix had
a lot of squirt nation come out shout
out to Anushka manouschka you said I
wouldn't remember your name and I didn't
yes I did Anushka and Allie and then a
tall black man who was super nice but I
forget your name he was a listener to
the show really a nice guy forgot your
name but I did ask for it cuz I was like
I was gonna give you a shout-out but I
didn't remember it after it noshka I had
to commit that to memory and then I lost
yours and then another guy that I only
remember your name because you messaged
me later Peter is also a listener thank
you for coming up if you come to the
show and you listen and you tell me your
name I will give you a shout-out on
monday show generally if I remember but
thank you for listening and thank you
for coming to those shows yeah that was
a tall black guy in Arizona it had to be
a Phoenix Sun yeah those are the only
black people in the entire state it was
a weird Phoenix is hot and weird but it
was good it was a fun time Andrew had a
good weekend he oh man he's on a plane
right now he got stuck on we got the
wrong we booked the wrong ticket home I
booked the wrong ticket at home so I
supposed to leave at 1:20 in the morning
after our shows like we were supposed to
go right from the show's to the airport
I was like oh my god I loved it I was
like
I don't have to go back to my hotel room
and then wake up at 7:00 it's just like
on I was so excited and then I looked at
my ticket just to be like where are we
sitting in between the shows and I
realized it was 4:00 Monday morning and
I called Jen because Jen helps me with
this kind of stuff on the weekends when
she can and I called Jen our producer
and she fixed it but we couldn't get you
on a different flight
so Andrew kept that flight he had to
stay in Phoenix yesterday all day
there's spring training happening there
like at the stadium right across the
street there's and we made friends with
local comics like there were people that
wanted to hang out with him and he just
yesterday all he did was sit in the
hotel room all day he's like I went to
that I went to the pool for 15 minutes
[Laughter]
and watching the pool to get it oh my
god he is saying so much and he's got me
saying huh instead of what or could you
say that again or pardon we were talking
about the direction that the influence
should go you should be getting funnier
and more erudite cool I am saying huh he
cuz I call him out every time he says it
and then I started saying it and it is
it is an epidemic I used to get made fun
of by my family for saying wool instead
of like well I go whoa oh that's a good
one
wool yeah yeah you do say that well you
don't know my dad used to make me get
mad at me cuz he used to cuz I go no and
he go Noah's Ark you bring Noah into
this
dad-dad
[Laughter]
so saying your name all Noah I was
saying your name my whole childhood yeah
it was it was a good weekend of shows
yes someone um apparently someone's
pretending to be me on Facebook and a
certain account that looks exactly like
my someone wrote my dad and then my dad
wrote me like is this you and I go dad
why would I talk like that it sounds
like someone who's learning it sounds
like a bot you know like there's like I
sincerely appreciate you writing me good
sir like it's like that my dad was like
is this you have you seen the movie us
boy dad from like someone kind of being
you but yeah movie that everyone saw I
saw it Thursday's we kindly good yeah
everyone saw it everywhere keep bragging
about having 13 dollars I get the senior
ticket one time I was on a date and I
was bragging and bragging yeah and and
she lost her on them she's like cuz
I was like my grandmother but your
tickets online and then when you let
them in person and the ticket was like
my grandmother's hook a date on a senior
design Oh
bring out the entertainment book of
coupons right now it's really his date
defended him and was his grandma bought
these his grandma it was it was just an
insane thing that your grandma would go
online it was one of my girls and that
the fellow really came out yeah
[Applause]
- dude I was like I've never seen this
side of you before
I helped you later tonight Ian finances
here Mike the Fox is here Karen Fianna
is here you can hear their podcast what
does your podcast you guys
oh it's defunct oh nevermind cast Ian
finances wild world yeah why I got a new
one sex in the city yes sex Ian the city
in which you wash in the city yeah you
made a podcast just for a title I don't
know I've never seen my Ferrari seen
every episode and I've always kind of
hated it weary watching it and right now
loves it yeah isn't it great
106 oh we have real bad 80 DS we have a
hard time sticking the reviews of your
of your podcast cuz you had posted some
people really seem to like it but people
like you don't even talk about the show
what are do you what what are your
what's your takeaways from watching six
episodes alright I love Carey
she smokes indoors yeah and I want to be
as cool as big and that for you - yeah
most people are not like into her yeah
because she's the only believable
character that's why she wears
collared suits no cuz she makes sense
everyone else is acting like an idiot
all day yeah that's a good point so
where you're putting like pineapple on
our and making people like turn it
into souffle I'm like I don't know
what's happened yeah yeah she's actually
no no I don't like Charlotte that's why
well yeah you know what I don't like is
that they're selling us that any of
these women are friends outside of their
connection with Carrie like when they do
a Charlotte Samantha storyline we're
like they care about each other I'm like
yeah right Carrie's going like hey
Samantha
let's go to brunch Charlotte's coming
Samantha would go I'm gonna bail out
[Music]
she would never hang out with Charlotte
ever Miranda and Samantha might get a
lot like I could see those two Charlotte
is a bummer no one would ever be friends
with her she sucks she would only be
friends with people exactly like her she
would never be friends with someone as
cool as Carrie she's a she's a bummer
she thinks everything that she's uptight
about everything and she doesn't like to
like really share much about herself
which is what you look for in a friend
is someone who's like lets you share a
lot of weird stuff and doesn't judge you
and also shares weird stuff about
herself she's she's the worst New York
archetype though that had to be in the
script though yeah it makes sense why
she's in US yeah I should never be
friends
Duncan like one of the first episodes
how Samantha was like have sex like a
man and then Carrie has some guy go down
on her and then she's like okay go act
like a dude just like have a guy that's
what the there used to be like I heard a
story about Britney Spears that she
would just like have guys like she would
pick out a guy in a dance club and
they'd be like Miss Spears is waiting
for oh I heard a story about a this is
what it was I was talking about the
Britney thing because I heard forget who
told the story but it was it seemed
really trustworthy that a certain
singer-songwriter actress that we all
know was had a party at her house she
had just broken up with someone after a
long time and had this like party of
like a coming-out party like I'm out of
this relationship and oh I remember her
told me now so then she meets this guy
they have a good banter he all of a
sudden she's gone and her assistant
comes out to the gang goes she's Miss
blah blahs waiting for you upstairs and
she's like it's like at her house that
the party's going on he goes upstairs
they bang and then he and then and I
think this this is the what happened
with Britney Spears Britney Spears used
to do this and summon guys upstairs or
whatever or like her assistant would
just get them and tell them to arrive at
the house or whatever then they'd be
brought up
and then they would bang Brittany would
go to the bathroom you know like as you
do after you go the bathroom and then
the assistant would she would text her
since it from the bathroom like get him
out and this is it would probably go
miss Spears
your car is ready sir she would never
this would just be during the day she
wouldn't he would be brought to her
house like she would like last day or
whatever like what did have sex she
would ride a guy come go to the bathroom
then text her assistant get this guy out
of there the guy would be gone by the
time she went back to bed so she would
never have to say goodbye she would
never have to do any of like the awful
actually I love it if it was me that
would be like miss fan is waiting for
you at a bus stop I think if I could do
that I would do that
because sometimes I just want to
sometimes I you know it's such a rock
storm move to just like I don't like the
after stuff I don't like sometimes even
during sex I would like to text my
assistant be like I think it's just so
brilliant then you don't have any of
that awkward I mean I'm sure guys do
this all the time male celebrities are
getting their assistants to get rid of
bitches constantly sir used to give like
a gift bag yeah I've heard guys like
make me a cup of coffee at 2:00 in the
morning guys get so weird after sex they
really I really avoid it I avoid sex
because I don't want to fart and I avoid
it because I don't want to see them
change afterwards kiss on the mouth
after a hookup yeah I would yeah yeah
yeah why I always think that's like a
test I don't want like I think like it
was goodbye yeah guys don't want to yeah
like it's too romantic now yes it's too
romantic we just banged it's always
trying to make out with me after they go
down on me and I'm like oh I know what
that smells like Karen's chair so I
don't blame
I'm like this is like I just like a spin
class maybe even if I'm not like fresh
as a daisy
first of all no it's going down on me if
I'm not precious today's like I would
just be like no you're not allowed to do
that are you kidding me I'm like clean
it up make it gross forever like you get
that lint I love looking a guy's face
after he goes out of me I am like a
golden retriever who hasn't seen his
owner after he's only way you could ever
go down on yourself kind of yeah yeah I
love it I used to I remember the first
time a guy did it I was like oh come on
good night sir disgusted that he would
even try and then I now I'm like it was
like it's the first time I'm grossed out
like once I start liking a guy then I
can make it into but it's your juice
either way yeah it's so I don't know
yeah I guess it is
no I what it is it's like a what's good
for the goose it's like that's how you
know whether or not your stank
he's trying to let you know I know for a
while we figure it out do you know how
do you how do you know you old tip test
I don't know I've had guys I pull on my
pants and go right to it and I'm like
that you should have tested it you
should having pee on the pretty litter
first yeah I feel like yeah I don't know
I wanted a blue moon you'll just tear
the panties off and go to town I feel
bad when I tested its just how will we
know if they're like if you're not into
it like how do we know if you're like oh
oh this is a bad one
[Laughter]
come back up for air within five seconds
you know right yeah just like go
straight to sex they start eating your
ass I don't even understand vaginas well
sometimes I mean it's just like what's
going on week to week it's really like
the chick I like her smell certain
smells but if it's just like a whatever
it's like that's the only way I've known
that I that I would like because
sometimes you're just like I don't know
what it's like down there and when you
lick a guy's face you can be like okay I
could do that mm-hmm like I feel like
okay that I'm not his fingers that's hot
yeah yeah I've done that you know yeah
or sometimes you'll you'll peel the
panties off and you're like this is I
mean I've I've felt like not so fresh
sometimes when I've had sex before and
been like don't go done that's not it's
totally fine I'm just yeah I mean I
really feel like that you Ian you
wouldn't what would it take for you to
stop having sex once you started yeah
it's like I mean when we if we blow you
after you've been inside us then we're
doing the same we're looking at
ourselves off of you essentially yeah I
do that I'm really surprised myself at
what I taste like sometimes like it's
kind of like pennies yes penny they
you in the ass care and he's like
iron ore okay
I've been working on this new bit about
how you know I'm tired of guys fingering
us too soon like before we're wet like
it just really makes me insecure but
that's how you get wet no like outside
my pants kiss me yeah when they just go
to finger look inside and you're totally
like your eyes oh not before anything
but they make out with you for like two
minutes it's not enough to get I I need
a little bit more than that to get wet
maybe I'm an old bitch but I and I don't
drink enough water but I need more time
what do you do do you move the hand
what's the move if they go in too soon
no I just I try - will it wet while
they're going that way if I feel their
hand going on I'm just leave please get
wet and I don't owe my move I'll just
like blow them and I'm like this'll be
enough time yeah that's that's what you
make the time you're like oh that sounds
great but real fast let me blow you you
know I don't want to blow you because
you're not gonna go down on me and you
don't deserve to be blown just because
you're there no that's so tight finger
you just no effort it is so easy to do
and it's so hot girls getting putting a
dick in your head is a lot to add yep
yeah I put C on their face I don't want
to force someone to do that if they
don't want to do it I won't blow a guy
to like the second or third time and
he'll be like coming at me with that
like hard dick in my face I'm like I've
started rejecting it yeah like the guy
who's up with normally he always is just
like it's just commonplace that it's we
we make out a little bit and then his
dick gets hard and then he moves it up
to my head yeah and recently yeah the
other day like the last time we hooked
up he did it and I was just I just
turned my head like a baby on the chit
like I was like I felt like a baby on
the table because you know no no yeah I
use I was like with my mouth because I
didn't say it that's why I felt like a
baby because babies can't communicate so
I just felt like no
I hadn't pretended he wasn't there I'm
just picturing him whacking your face
with his dick I know I'm just gonna
moved it around near it and realized I
wasn't gonna do it I wasn't I wasn't
taking the bait and so then he just back
down to finger me and I was like good
job good job
I am I'm done giving blowjobs away as
like party favors like just because you
just because you kiss me now and the
next step is me blowing you know it's
not it's not I mean I made such a good
film of me giving a blowjob that I don't
feel like I should ever have to do it
again oh my god
I would love to see you smiling oh my
god but you still can't see your face
yes especially if the cameras on what's
your trick pretend that I'm being filmed
that would be so much more you like
worry about your angles you do a lot of
eye contact I do like the edging thing
we're like you just like suck on the tip
and keep spitting it and like just like
lick it and like not go full full
blowjob until like two three minutes in
that is what I've heard is that a lot of
girls go in and they're there at a ten
they come in at a ten a lot of guys do
that too you come in at a ten if there's
so much to be said for coming into the -
keeping a little - look at you guys
bragging about dudes with dicks
long enough to make a choice so I
sometimes I jerk off alone and I can
handle my hand because I'm so used to my
hand
I hope you guys alone I hope it most the
time you jerk you said sometimes I keep
the window open you never know a bird a
pigeon a picture this is like Beauty and
the Beast and you're like hello bad
out the window oh hi Andrew
[Music]
so you're seeing someone now mm-hmm
you're hooking up a lot your this is the
first time you've been in you're a 39
year-old man 38 and not in 11 months and
10 days in 2015 days yeah yeah 39 okay
give or take I'd give take in that just
take it ma'am 39 yeah you're in a new
relationship with the 26 year old 27 at
some point at some point give or take
she's 26 fake yeah yeah
39 year old man leading a train six year
old woman that means you're teenager
when she was born no big deal um but in
your puberty no until 800 okay makes
sense it does make sense
I had no pubes when she had no pubes
okay which makes it fine later in the
way it was a point in your life where
you didn't have pubes then the age
difference does not matter well there
was a year later but you weren't born
nope no pubes great honor and turn me on
more you know how I feel about hair
right exactly so yeah so you're in a new
relationship is she mature for her age
she has an old lot of these young women
walking around with old souls she's been
she's seen things yeah you know like
Malala
yeah she's young but she's got an old
soul you only hear about girls who are
Instagram models with old souls for some
reason we're really celebrating the
souls of all these hot women to justify
why older men are dating younger women
no but she's like really got an old soul
but here's the thing I feel like I have
a very young soul that's true so you
know like Oh old face young soul right
right I think we counterbalance she's
telling her friends listen he is old but
he has like he's really a mature very
old dick very young super old deck super
old discussed
mm-hmm such a young soul I mean this is
she compliment your penis no she hasn't
she said anything about she said one
time is bigger no no no no she'd go
she'll say it feels good it feels good
yeah feels great but never like how am I
gonna put my mouth around that right
like you wouldn't you would call her on
that if that was like it she would have
to else she would have just maybe it'll
be to get it in her nostril would be a
struggle which one she did a lot of code
I don't know yeah it's good though I
don't know
it's been fun she's cool yeah the age
difference I don't feel that much right
I think if she was 22 it's there's a
difference you tell me as a woman when
you're 21 22 as opposed to 20 I think
once you get past 25 you're getting
towards 30 you know yeah like there's
you've been through that party phase
most likely you've already went Chloe
you're on the tail end of it I've never
wrong with it because it is it's truly
the norm that a man is 13 years older
than his girlfriend it said that's
that's no one would even know any it's
that's very common the other way around
is not common if I was dating someone
who's 13 years younger than me a 21 year
old boy it would be I would get I mean
they would never do it I mean it could
be legal yes but like I would get so
much for it but here's the thing
you could date a 26 year old and I know
the age difference but I'm saying no one
would care I know you're doing the gap
I'm 33 no no
well 34 oh that's right I am four I was
like every day
I usually ran up to 35 to be honest when
I put it in the treadmill I just go 35
I'm like I'm gonna be there eventually
there is something on the treadmill that
someone's had to have done a bit where
you start scrolling you know when they
start at 30 or they start your weight at
whatever and you have to squirrel farm I
buy a plane tickets every week I know
how long it takes me to get it to 19
72 I go subscribe my 80 babies
grow I'm an 80 baby
an 80 baby literally in 1980 mm-hmm
80 okay where were you talking about was
your first relationship and yes ever
ever I guess it slipped off as an adult
and and you're also newly on Zoloft yes
and I can't calm that much mm-hmm but I
feel great yeah so it's like a very I
it's a tough dilemma because I've never
worked out more I've never felt more
confident I've never been more aware and
present mm-hmm
but the penis is not a chute in anything
right but it still feels good like you
can still it doesn't get to the point of
why but do you feel the frustration of
it are you just that's the thing I don't
even what that's the only thing is the
other person what person
the only thing only thing mm-hmm is the
other person if you're feeling bad for
them okay I mean sure I'd like to I
gotta say girl we don't really care like
what if it never happens
mm yeah then you start to get a little
suspicious of like a lot of girls will
go what's wrong with me
they'll put it on themselves yeah I've
had that before and say it's just your
old soul it grosses me out your tits are
fantastic they're way up there your puss
is great but that old soul that's about
it it could be you know she could just
be too wise
you